You: Hi, Jason. Thank you for meeting with me.
Jason: No problem. What do you need?
You: Well, I have been hearing some upsetting rumors about the HRIT project, and
what’s even more concerning is that I’ve been led to believe they started with you.
Jason: Hold on a minute—you think I’ve been spreading rumors about the project?
This is ridiculous—what proof do you have?
You: I’ve had multiple sources name you as the instigator, and the lies need to
stop now. If this continues, I promise I will take it up with the Chief of Staff.
I can’t let you jeopardize my project.
Jason: I can’t believe this. I didn’t do anything wrong.
Don’t ever ask me or my team for help again!